where is the toilet?
Where is the terminal building?
Where is the ticket counter?
Where is the ticket entrance?
Where is the security check?
How can I get the security check?
Where is the boarding gate?
What should I do if the ticket cannot be found?
What should I do if I miss my flight?
What should I do if the flight is delayed?
How long is the flight delayed?
Where can I get my baggage check-in?
How can I get my baggage checked?
What should I do if my checked baggage is overweight?
What items in baggage can't been checked?
What material do I need for check-in?
What documents do I need for boarding?
What should I do if my ID card cannot be found?
How can I change my flight?
How can I refund my ticket?
Why did you confiscate my lighter?
Why did you confiscate my perfume?
Why did you confiscate my water drink?
Why is the portable charger can not been checked?
Why can't cosmetics be taken on board?
What is the limit for checked baggage weight?
Why is the boarding gate changed?
How can I choose my sate on the plane?
Where should I go after I passed the boarding gate?
I want to reserve a tomorrow’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing
I want to reserve a tomorrow’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing flight in the A.M.
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing flight in the afternoon.
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing flight in the morning.
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing flight at night.
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing flight in the A.M.
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing flight in the afternoon.
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing flight in the morning.
I want to reserve a today’s flight from Shenyang to Beijing flight at night.
What should I do if I want to buy a ticket back to Shenyang?
What should I do if I want to buy a ticket back to Liaoning?
What should I do if I want to buy a ticket back to Beijing?
What should I do if I want to buy a ticket go to Shenyang?
What should I do if I want to buy a ticket go to Liaoning?
What should I do if I want to buy a ticket go to Beijing?
What should I do if I want to get my luggage check-in?
Where can I charge my phone?
What should I do if I can't find my friend?
Sorry to bother.
Sorry, I am deaf people and I need your help.
It doesn't matter, you can ask the staff.
It doesn't matter if you can communicate with me with "Say Your Voice"
What should I do if I am late for my flight?
What should I do if I miss the departure time?
My home is in Shenyang, Liaoning.
When is the departure time of flight has been changed to?